Add role to global attributes (#20237)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/index.md

  - : A cryptographic nonce ("number used once") which can be used by [Content Security Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) to determine whether or not a given fetch will be allowed to proceed.
- [`part`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/part)
  - : A space-separated list of the part names of the element. Part names allows CSS to select and style specific elements in a shadow tree via the {{CSSxRef("::part")}} pseudo-element.
- [`role`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)

>   - : roles provide semantic meaning to content, allowing screen readers and other tools to present and support interaction with object in a way that is consistent with user expectations of that type of object. `roles` are added to HTML elements using `role="role type"`, where role type is the name of a role in the ARIA specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Roles define the semantic meaning of content, allowing screen readers and other tools to present and support interaction with an object in a way that is consistent with user expectations of that type of object. `roles` are added to HTML elements using `role="role_type"`, where `role_type` is the name of a role in the ARIA specification.
```

I made the first sentence a little more forceful since several elements have implicit semantics and adding a role overrides the implicit value.
